# OperatingSystems

The Gaming Room was the client for this project. They wanted the application for their game, Draw It or Lose It, to be created while taking into account the ideal operating system that will meet all of their needs. I took into account the benefits and drawbacks of each operating system and related them to the needs for the application; I did this aspect of the document well. Working through the design document was helpful in developing the code, especially the part of the document that required me to create a UML Diagram. This was beneficial to seeing how I would need to organize my code into classes. Although I spent a lot of time researching and reading about the differences between the different operating systems, and I feel that I did well with that, I do feel like I could expand my learning and understanding of each operating system and therefore, would possibly be able to more confidently make my recommendation. The user's needs consist of creating the code for the application that will work how the game is intended, have the ability to have more than one player on a team from different computers interacting in the game, replace the previous game in the memory, provide a secure gaming experience, and be cost efficient for the client. It is important to understand all of the user's needs in order to recommend the appropriate operating system. Organizing the code into classes, then reasearching operating systems to recommend, followed by creating the software is how I approached this project. 
